well how do you there Internet people
it's bubblegum so today I kind of took
the day off play with my kids played
Legos GI Joe I'm sitting there start
thinking about GI Joe the TV show the
cartoon back in the eighties funny thing
about it you know Cobra the bad guys if
you're not familiar with the show they'd
show up somewhere and before they ever
even committed a crime GI Joe's like
deploying tanks and aircraft carriers
and all kinds of stuff eventually just
snatch one of them up pretty much
plotline anyone as I'm sitting there and
I'm putting the pieces together playing
with LEGOs and I thought of that I
started thinking about this guy named
Lavrentiy Beria not a super well-known
historical figure but of a very very
powerful person he was a very powerful
person in the Soviet Union he was at the
Yalta Conference
that's that famous photo Churchill
Roosevelt and Stalin all sitting
together he was at that and he walked up
and introduced himself to Roosevelt and
Stalin walks up maximals like yeah this
is our Himmler man that's not a way I
would want to be introduced yeah but it
was a different time I guess oh yeah so
I'm thinking about this guy and putting
the pieces together finally goes
the President of the United States found
it fitting to involve himself in two
cases that he calls corruption cases
neither case has an identifiable crime
to be investigated Todd the guy son got
a job he wasn't qualified for coming
from the administration that has a shoe
designer running around playing diplomat
I'm not buying that that's what serious
concern both cases involved the same
person definitely got me thinking about
that guy that guy barrier you know he
had a famous quote and it's funny
because the quote is often misattributed
it's it's often said that Stalin said it
so you've got these two investigations
and do a person with no specific
allegations corruption widely but not
there's no crime that's been identified
nothing that we can show and that's how
it's supposed to work a crime is
identified you go find the person who
did it that's how it's supposed to work
doing it any other ways extremely
dangerous it's not how it's working
lately though we find a person that we
want to hang and then we go find the
crime to hang on
Berry is famous quote the one that gets
misattributed show me the person and
I'll show you the crime the idea was
that if you investigated a person long
enough you could either find something
they did or make something up
two cases both involving the same person
a major political rival to the president
seems odd show me the man I'll show you
the crime very dangerous thought process
incidentally Baria was chief of there
the NKVD their secret police and he is
accused of doing some pretty horrible
things using that thought process anyway
it's just a thought
don't have a good night